From Hollywood, California In the steamy, Cambodian deathfields of the
warmth of Meltdown Comics' nerd-melt theater, Harmon Chowd, is now in session.
The audience has made an agreement to laugh despite their discomfort, despite bathing
in the warm humidity of each other's armpits.
Speaking of which, let's bring out Spencer Quintzen.
I have a good idea, let's bring out the mayor of Harmontown and bring this shit to order,
Mr. Dan Harmon.
We've got a couple of items of official business, we've got some awareness, this segment's
called Boring Awareness Things about our show, Boring, sometimes you gotta say stuff
about your show, and if anyone is listening for the first time, they're like, this is
like every podcast, the first ten minutes is about a bunch of shit, as if I listen to
the podcast every week, but I don't, sorry, but we're one of them tonight, we're doing
this Harmon Quest thing, it's for real now, it's been a long time.
I thought it was a working title, but I think it's too late now to change it.
If anyone has any ideas, let us know.
No, I don't think we can change the title.
Is that you admitting that you want to keep that title no matter what, even in the face
of a better title?
I would love to have come up with something like pencils and swords, but obviously I didn't,
I did come up with that, but I was like, well that's dumb, I'm quite happy with Harmon
Quest, it's an offshoot of Harmontown, and now we go on a quest, I think that makes
very linear sense to me, an offshoot of Harmontown, wouldn't you ideally like the thing
to stand on its own, if I was Kevin Smith, would you want it to be called like Smith,
Smith, Smithness, Smiths and Sorcery, or would you want a chance to be like, well, Kevin
Smith's in it, however, I also like Dungeons & Dragons, I don't want to force, it's like
Appetown, hey, I don't care, you got to drink my Kool-Aid, otherwise you can't even give
this show a shot.
Are you saying it's too late to make that change now?
Yes.
Why is it too late, we haven't even shot at it?
I don't know, because I assume that the larger wheels turn earlier and more slowly.
They're not drawing up billboards right now.
Alright, well I'll make a call on Tuesday, but I better have a list of the types.
I'm glad we announced the name sucking.
Alright.
Are you saying that we should put that flair up in the air for people to give us names
for it?
No, because then they'll sue us.
But the real reason we bring it up is because the tapings, which we're going to do, regardless
of what it ends up being called, are happening very soon.
Within the next couple weeks, September 15th, we start taping for a week, two weeks.
Yeah, like eight days, I think?
Eight days, yeah, it's like a weekish, and there's like five separate tapings that we're
going to need each of which will be yielded out of each of those things.
Yeah, there's five nights with two showings each night, I believe, so you can sign up
for any of those ten shows?
No, I think you can sign up for any of those five nights.
Oh, and you're there the whole night?
You're there for two shows, two episodes worth of taping, which will take a couple hours,
and we'll move you around in the seats between each episode, so it looks like there's a different
crowd every night, and we'll change shirts, but you'll be there for two episodes, which
I think will be good.
That's the way we did the original stuff, and so what I'm going to do, because we don't
have the information that you need right now, also I think it would be weird for me to announce
it right now, because then to the extent that you are an adoring fan, you'd have to spend
the next five minutes going like, let me get my foot in that door before it sells out.
I'm flattering myself, I know, but I want you to just enjoy and not have anxiety about
like Black Monday or whatever the hell it's called, Boxing Day or, you know, I don't want
this rush for, the cabbage patch doll rush.
Cyber Tuesday.
So what I'll do is on Tuesday at noon, noonish, right around noon, so now you're forewarned
like right around noon, Tuesday, when we have the information, I'll tweet like a link to
a website where you can rush to reserve seats for the Harmon quest.
For the whole audience?
That'll be our whole audience, is that rush?
Well, again, I flatter myself, but I don't think we're going to need more.
If that would be the way to do it, that'd be awesome, as opposed to just having people
that may or may not know exactly what we're doing.
Yeah, no, I don't think we're going to need to go get people out the street, but I do
think we're going to...
Do we know how big the...
I talked to the guy that's producing it, do we know how big the studio audience is
yet?
110 people.
That's great.
Yeah.
We can do that.
We can do that five times.
Of course we can.
Look at him.
But we're also using one of those services, we're doing it through a service that I'm
sure will then go, nope, your fans don't like you, now we'll turn this other valve where
tourists are coming in dressed as lobsters for let's make a deal.
I couldn't get into the prices right, but I guess I'll watch this guy.
It was only the same like two or 300 people that just kept sifting through the whole time
wearing different shirts.
That'd be fine with me.
Yeah, man.
Yeah, no, I have no problem with that.
People can come every show.
What I would like people not to do is just automatically before they figure out that
they can make every show reserve a ticket for every show because that's a ticket we
can't...
Try to split the difference between precaution and...
Because at the same time, we're going to be like 10% overbooking and all that shit,
so there's bull shit going both ways, ain't there?
Yeah.
We're both going to fuck each other over.
Just hit every elevator button in the car.
Why didn't we make the smart move and do all five tapings at Madison Square Garden?
No, we shouldn't.
All right, so moving on.
Festival Supreme, Jack Black's lullapalooza of comedy and music is happening in October.
Harmontown is doing a show, Jeff isn't going to be able to participate, but we're doing
a Harmontown Festival Supreme.
Do we have any detail?
I know we do, but I don't because I don't personally right now.
Does anyone have any details about when our show is for Festival Supreme?
It's October 10th.
Oh, they haven't given us.
They gave Jeff.
No, but I think it's October 10th.
I know that because I think that's the date I found out that I had been booked on a long
time ago.
That makes sense.
But that could be wrong about that, but double check that.
It's the 10th, but we don't have the time yet.
Oh, all right.
Well, I'm out of town no matter what fucking time it is.
I came down a little hard on Steve on that one.
I wish we had a big, see one day I want to move the show to like a big sound stage so
that we can, oh, oh, Mr. Spielberg.
That's nine foot Neil.
I can't see around his pillar because I'm tall.
Nine foot Neil should meet Tay Brickson.
The tallest fan of the show should meet the littlest show promoter.
You see me coaxing you back into Tay Brickson.
Is it Tay or Tay?
I now I forget.
Tay.
Tay Brickson.
Well, we do get bigger, more comfortable digs with room to like create a space that would
like to put Steve Levy in like a little, a little circular research desk.
Oh, so he's our newsroom back there.
Yeah.
He can have like a little internet, like, like, like, like the center and then he can
just like tell me about my calendar and of about like, he can do corrections at the after
the show.
Yeah.
And he could be the one to put through tweets from people that are watching live and we'll
have him up on a screen and then it's, it's, I got big plans.
That's a great idea.
It's going to be fun.
But then they do what it is.
It's bullshit.
I don't, well, I don't need you.
You're, you're an original fan.
I don't need you.
Who cares?
That's how I felt about the fucking pixies.
Look what they did to me.
They broke up twice.
You just Donald Trump and they had a big laugh about it.
Death to the pixie.
I love you.
Why are you selling me this shirt?
You're making fun of me.
Is that your dick or your thumb?
That's your thumb.
You are a debaser.
You really are.
It's eight laughs from people with really specific haircuts.
I'm sure.
All right.
So, all right, one, well, speaking of music, I want to do one segment before we bring Kumail
out and then, and then, and then have an open, a potpourri, I call it a, I call it a, a, a,
a Kumail.
A Kumail.
A Kumail bag.
A Kumail, a Kumail, a Kumail, a Kumail bag is not a bag.
Well, that implies correspondence though.
Yeah, it's like.
I said to him, he texted me that he was going to make the show and I said, cool exclamation
point and then two spaces and then parentheses, male.
And then he, he wrote back an hour later, uh, how about you've got, I don't understand
that, that doesn't sound anything like my name and it's spelled differently.
What about you've got Kumail?
No.
Okay.
That doesn't.
Well, we'll get to that in a second.
But first, I'm going to be, I'm going to think of a 90 worse versions of that.
Here's a segment I call Dan nitpicks, uh, song lyrics.
I like to listen to music and stuff that's it.
It takes a lyrics.
It's picking the lyrics.
If these were the lyrics to a song, I'd say they were repetitive.
See, I'm not, I'm not immune.
I don't, I don't give myself a pass.
So, uh, this is where I hold the other musicians to the fire, including their feet.
Um, yeah, I mean, I frequently nitpick on lyrics, but I think you and I have both set
around, uh, a drink and, and talked about, you know, Billy Joel's tonic, tonic and gin.
Come on.
Yeah.
That's the thing.
When you're chasing a rhyme, you know, you don't have to rhyme like, like anyways.
So, yeah.
All right.
So here's this song.
It's called highway.
The highway man by the highway men, the highway men, the super group, the country Western
super group.
Waylon Jennings.
Kris Kristofferson.
It's, it's Johnny Cash, Waylon Jennings, Kris Kristofferson and a, uh, uh, and Willie
Nelson.
Um, uh, the, the, uh, Kris Kristofferson, I think I, I'm going to guess if he's the
one who's taking the verse.
I think he is.
Cause I think I can recognize everyone else's voice.
I think he showed up to this song pretty drunk.
Is that right?
Who goes Johnny Cash goes to space, right?
Yeah.
So, okay.
So this, this song is called the highway man.
It's a country Western super group and they each take a verse and, uh, this is the frustrating
thing about, about these lyrics is how in, I get on board and I'll, I'll walk you through
me getting on board.
It's Willie Nelson starts and says, I was a highway man along the coach roads.
I did ride with sword and pistol by my side.
That's pretty cool.
That's good.
He's often running at that point.
Yeah.
Oh, I'll keep it down if you like.
You're on your own for the rest of this highway man.
Many a young maid lost her baubles to my trade code, but it's good.
Many a soldier shed his lifeblood on my blade.
Cool.
The bastard's hug me in the spring of 25.
I don't know what century you're talking about that 1925 is the way we started hanging
the people that ran around the highway with swords.
I feel like I'm going to, I'm going to go 17 or 18.
Yeah.
I think it was just like, but he had to rhyme, but I am still alive.
Okay.
So fine.
Good.
I'm on board cause it sounds like it's about a ghost of a highway man or a timeless figure,
the character that lives through time.
Well, you're, you're way ahead of everything.
It sounds like a ghost from that.
It doesn't sound like a timeless character who lives through everything.
For me, it does.
Cause I've read literature.
No.
It's one, it's one verse of a song I lived in that I was killed in 25, but I'm still
alive.
That's a ghost.
He's got unfinished business.
That's all it is.
It's just a ghost.
A ghost doesn't say I'm still alive.
A ghost says I'm not alive.
I'm a ghost.
Woo.
No, that's, that's a ghost out of cereal box.
I'm a ghost and I love blueberries.
All right.
Look, I've heard this song 19 million times, I might, I might be ahead of the curve on
this song.
I'm sorry.
If ghosts say I'm a ghost, woo, a ghost with Patrick Swayze would have been a terrible,
terrible movie.
He would have woken up after getting shot and he would have gone, I'm a ghost, woo.
And then he never would have, wouldn't it?
But then the ghost and poltergeist said, I'm alive still.
I'm a regular person.
They knew that they knew what they were fucking getting away with.
All right.
Second verse.
The ghost officer comes in, when you listen to the song, you'll hear he's a little, he's
in his cups, as Jeffy would say.
He's a little drunk.
I was a sailor.
I was born upon the tide with the sea I did abide.
I sailed a scooter around the Horn in Mexico.
I went aloft and furled the mainsail in a blow.
Chunky.
In a blow?
I don't, I don't, yeah.
And when the yards broke off, they said, I got killed, but I am living still.
Okay.
So now, as Jeff spoiled, we're talking about a timeless figure here.
Oh, or is it a series of ghosts stepping forward and saying, here's what I was doing.
A tip of my, my cap, my sailor cap and then the ghost synonymous.
And then so I'm assuming this is where you and Jenny comes in.
I was a dam builder across the river, deep and wide.
Where steel and water did collide, a place called Boulder on the wild Colorado.
I slipped and fell into the wet concrete below.
They buried me in that great tomb that knows no sound, but I am still around.
I'll always be around and around and around and around.
They all come in.
Okay.
So I'm like, this is great.
I love this.
And then, and then Johnny Cash comes in and goes, I fly a starship.
This was the seven, the late seventies, early eighties.
If you didn't have a spaceship and a quarter of your shit, you were off the air.
So take it easy on them.
But it's, it's, it's like one of them comes in with a guitar that kind of sounds like
a laser.
Without ruining what you want to get through here, can I stop and can I freeze frame the
first time you heard this recently?
Or is that a while back?
I heard this a while back, but I just, but I like the song that I've heard.
I was listening to it again recently and then my problem lyric is coming up right at the
end.
Right.
So at the point, the first time I heard this song, I was, I heard the song a bunch of times
and never really paid attention to the lyrics as you often do.
Like you hear a song a million times ago.
Oh, I never knew what that song was actually saying.
And this one, the first time I realized that Johnny Cash goes to space, that, that moment
was, was, was, was awesome.
Yeah.
Then this is like, this is before a cloud Atlas, by the way, this song.
I was Tom Hanks.
I was a caveman after the war with Holly Berry in my door, a future rich lady with cures
to my disease.
I talked her into easing my sick son's disease.
And when she explained to me that the human race was a joke, I was still Tom Hanks.
Right, always be Tom Hanks and a Hanks and a Hanks and a Hanks and a Hanks and a Hanks.
All right.
So anyways, I fly a starship across the universe divide.
And when I reach the other side, I'll find a place to rest my spirit if I can.
Perhaps I may become a highway man again.
Oh, shit.
Awesome.
This is the peak of, I'm like, holy shit, he stitched it all together, he is the same
guy.
He's in a starship, he's thinking about being a fucking highway man.
Or I may simply be a single drop of rain.
But I will remain, oh, oh, oh, pick a team.
I'll be back again and again and again and again.
I mean, they weave this macho, like, like, like, like cloud atlas of these guys, like
one guy.
What's the difference between a damn builder and a highway man and a spin and a future
truck driver in space, like we're all, we're all old white men, like, like, like.
And there's something, there's a spiritual connection that unites us all.
But it's like, but I may be a drop of rain, well, me too.
Hey, but a drop of rain, who wants to be a drop of, that's dumb.
A drop of, I may be.
Actually, at Christmas, I've never, I've never noticed that lyric, that is a very disappointing
lyric.
He ruined it, because why is the guy in the starship going, going like, what, who's he
talking to?
Like, he's going like, I fly a starship, look out for that asteroid, you know, I got this
weird feeling, I was a highway man in a past life, so when I die, I'll probably come back
as a highway man, but fuck it, you know, I may, it may be just general Buddhist shit.
I mean, the space man is the most, because you're seeing stars and fucking planets and
shit.
If you're ever a drop of rain, it's when you're flying through space.
Or is he saying that, no, there's no rain in space.
No, but I mean, he's like, he's, he's, I mean, he's only a drop of rain, he's so minuscule
in, even in comparison to the whole of rain.
Okay, yeah, you're saying how infinitesimally small is my existence.
He's a soul, he's like a cycle of souls in a cycle of, of a rain of souls.
That keeps going, like it's like the water, you know, like, it's kind of cool.
He's also saying that, like, I may come back again, and yeah, exactly, if I come back again
and I keep doing this, like, it will either be as one of these, one of these, one of these
people, a human being, or, or a drop of water.
Well, I don't know, it's like metaphorical.
It's like, the soul cycle is like rain, and he's like, just part of all of these souls
in these internal cycles talking about how they used to be highwaymen.
But if he's going to use a metaphor, then the whole song should be called drops of rain.
And then it should be like, one drop of rain I was, was called a highwayman.
Here's another example of a kind of rain I was.
I was a drop of rain named Ralph from Colorado.
I slipped ironically on real rain and fell below.
These are all lives, and there is pointless as the rain, but each drop will remain until
it evaporates again and again and again.
But he does say, I go across the universe divide, and when I get to the other side,
that implies like when he's dead, right, when he, when I actually go to whatever the afterlife
for a possibly a cyclic, like a karmic traveler goes to, maybe I find out, maybe I'm nothing,
maybe that was all pointless, maybe, maybe I'm just one of these stars in this endless
space that we look at, like Spencer said.
I think it's cool.
I thought it was dumb until it got resolved where he'd still remain, and it'll be like,
oh, it's a metaphor.
I don't like when people say rain and rhyme again and again, because firstly it was highwaymen
and again.
They said again, like we say again.
You didn't get to change a game.
Yeah, I like that all the guys are there.
It's a human song.
It's not a song about the fucking cosmology.
It's about, it's about four different like little shapes of loner.
It's like, just because you're born in a time when a man with integrity didn't even have
the option of being a cattle rustler or a highwayman, doesn't mean that while you're
welding a rivet on a dam, when you're built, something is silly, it's like, I'm not a cowboy.
I'm not a spaceman when I'm welding this dam, but it's like, it's four different guys going
like, I was a country western archetype, and then I died, but I didn't die because they're
all me.
Well, connect it.
It's important to me that that guy be like a guy with, you know, it's a guy.
It's about a guy's relationship with the cosmos, not about mapping the cosmos itself and going
like, you see those ants down there, one of those ants could be me, and the green's a
sand upon the beach.
Why not that?
Why isn't that?
That's not a song.
That's like something you'd hear in an incense store.
That's not something you'd listen to when you're drinking a glass of scotch, and you're
like, yeah, my dad was a fucking spaceman, and I'm going to...
Sorry, are you upset that this song isn't country enough for you, that it goes into the hippie
cosmological, metaphysical at the very end?
I don't like going from...
When I get to the other side, which is like, Tolkien asks, like, the elves going across,
there's like, I'm a person, and I have a...
I thought you didn't like Tolkien, I thought.
I don't like Tolkien.
I don't like those elves, man.
That's enough.
How do you just turn off your mortality by going on a fucking boat?
What the shit is that?
Thanks, Steve.
Well, now what we're finding out is you'd like it if as they got right off the shore,
they all turned into rain.
Well, I'm just...
If I was observing my life over millennia cycling, and cycling, and cycling, I might
have the thought that shit, maybe millions of other people are doing the same thing,
and that's also kind of interesting, but only worth a passing mention.
I will agree, Dan, that I don't think that the song Highwaymen succeeds in doing what
it tries to...
It fumbles on the goal line a little bit, of the goal line they're trying to cross.
It's like, this is a giant metaphysical thing going on.
I get what they're going for, but it doesn't quite succeed in either way.
That's been...
Highwaymen lyrics, you've been nitpicked.
It's a good song, though.
Hello, hello.
Is Alan Woo coming, or what?
Alan Wu is actually directing Harmon Quest.
Oh, and he's not here.
People at home who aren't watching video,
there's a seat very ostentatiously reserved in the front row
that says, reserved Alan Wu on it.
Yeah, it's like that.
The only empty seat here, and it's the one guy here
that's directing Harmon Quest.
Maybe he's running around the back of this house
holding up his fingers like the camera frame thing.
Like he's, you know...
Dan, can I say something?
Yeah, you can do on that song.
These guys are, you guys are working too hard
to make sense of something.
It makes sense.
Can I say, I wrote down this quote you said, Spencer.
First off, Camille, I didn't say it made sense.
I've come down to the side, I get where they're going.
I don't think they nail it.
And I think Dan's right in saying,
if they just stuck to a song about,
there's the archetype of the loner
that goes on through time,
and that will always be as we go on through the cosmos.
I think they could have done either or and made it better.
Well, I think it's...
Well, this is what Spencer said.
What did I say?
Spencer said, if you're ever a drop of rain,
it's when you're flying through space
and everyone here nodded like, yeah,
that's true, Spencer.
I think it's funny that it's Johnny Cash's,
they all clearly wrote their own verses,
and they're like, I'm going to be a damn builder.
I'm going to be a boatman.
Johnny Cash is like, I'm going to drive a spaceship.
I'm not sure about that.
If I had my guess, this is totally a guess,
and we will verify this later on.
I'll look it up later.
My guess is that Kristofferson wrote the whole thing.
Or one other person wrote the whole thing.
It seems to me so different that,
because he's the biggest star, Johnny Cash.
I bet that at a meeting where they're like,
well, we've got to have Johnny Cash.
If he's going to be a spaceman, we'll put him at the end.
Hopefully people will stop paying attention to the lyrics by then.
We're all collaborators through so much of their careers.
Yeah, and I will also interject there
that at this particular point in time,
that Willie Nelson could have been the big gun.
It depends from year to year.
Johnny Cash went through a heavy period of time where,
it's like the way we thought about Roy Orbison
and when the Traveling Wool Bears have,
it's like, well, there's Roy Orbison.
But then Johnny Cash got co-opted by hipsters.
He's like the hipster.
That was recently.
God damn it.
The fucking damn it.
Raindrop.
Oh, the rhyme scheme is actually pretty sophisticated.
So it's like, I don't know if you gave them each a verse.
I don't know.
It's weird. The sailor one is kind of fucking mouthful.
I heard the furlum furlum furlum.
I heard the furlum furlum.
That sounds like Kris Kristofferson.
Yeah, I don't know.
I don't know if it was like an emcee thing
where they came in with it written on their hand
and they're like, I was a plumber.
And it was like, fuck, this is supposed to be an epic song.
I plunged the shit out of the crap.
The shit out of the crap.
I sorted it upon my lap.
I found the peanuts, distinguished turds from diarrhea.
And then they were like, well, we got to put someone in a spaceship
to balance this out.
I do remember probably in my teens or 20s
being disappointed when they changed again to a gain.
And I hate when songs make it a gain.
That's dumb.
Yeah.
Or when they backward sing.
We talked about too, when they do Yoda speak,
just to make the rhyme.
Oh, that's the worst.
What's a good example of that when somebody's like...
And my love you will have...
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Tonic and gin.
My love you will have.
All right, so we watched Nightmare on Elm Street 2 this weekend.
And one.
We watched one because of Wes Craven passing
and we thought we'd honor him again.
And again.
I want to beat that lyric before I move on.
My belt is buckled with the topaz of my pain.
I don't know.
You got to bring it back to a country western thing
like a belt buckle or a beer bottle or something.
I love the topaz of my pain.
Topaz of my pain.
Or not topaz. What's the other thing?
No, no, no. Turquoise, turquoise.
My belt is buckled with the turquoise of my pain.
But I'll be back.
No, that would be dumb.
I don't think Johnny Cash ever said the word turquoise in his life.
Okay.
Nightmare on Elm Street, we watched it.
So then we thought, let's just watch Nightmare on Elm Street 2
because we kept talking about what we were watching.
Camille was there and Schrab and Emily and Agee.
And holy cats.
Nightmare on Elm Street 2.
It's super gay.
There's no fear of that sounding like a homophobic or inaccurate statement.
It is one of the gayest movies that's ever been made.
It's gay as fuck.
And it's kind of beautifully gay.
It's not even that pornographically gay.
There is some prurient, externalized gay things about it.
There's a lot of people taking their shirts off and doing push-ups together.
But the thing that really makes it gay is the gay love, the relationship.
The two guys.
And there's a part where they're both fighting and one guy pulls his pants down
and the fight continues with just one guy's butt out.
Yeah.
There's a lot of that kind of stuff.
Well, it's the equivalent.
Today it would be looked at as totally progressive because there's a girl in the movie
but there's not an inch of skin outside her arms or collarbone exposed.
She's just sort of like a regular person.
And she doesn't get in any pillow fights or have any friends.
But the guys have friends that pull each other's pants down and roll around
and they're all hunky and stuff.
Is it never acknowledged that they speak about this?
Just really talk about it.
It's just from like an alternate universe where like men are objectified.
Well, what they do keep talking about is how one of them...
A lonely clap in the back of the room.
What they do keep talking about because that's the one where Freddie is inside the kid
and so the whole movie is about a kid.
It's about a kid going to be misunderstood by people and going like,
I don't know who I am.
And according to Schrab, the writer actually in an interview said,
yes, I was thinking of this as a metaphor for being young and figuring out that you're gay.
But he didn't expect the director to then take it and then double down on it.
The writers often have...
My original writing mentor, when I was writing Monster House,
one of the first pieces of advice he gave me is he said,
and I don't know if this is...
Maybe I'm betraying this? Am I going to be like Bruce Lee teaching people kung fu?
And now, yeah, because now everybody knows kung fu.
That's why they never wanted it to get out.
Yeah. Oh, fuck.
You got fucking Jackie Chan running around.
He said every...
Screenwriters always have a secret.
They have a secret about the movie.
You try to be transparent in all your work,
like get your own head on paper and be really clear about things and passionate.
But then there's one little exception to that,
which is the writer should know something that nobody else knows.
Like the basketball in Monster House is DJ's puberty.
It's just boyhood bouncing over to the house or something like that.
I think that was me phoning in, like his advice,
okay, it's his puberty, I'll keep that a secret.
But so anyways, that writer was like...
That actually makes a lot of sense.
Yeah, it goes in and it's him becoming a grown-up
and having to deal with grown-up shit like a fucking monster house.
It's true. Well done.
Like a mortgage, when your property is who you are.
As opposed to being a kid's trick or treat,
they go and they take what they want from the grown-ups.
Like they're communists and parents are capitalists and the basketball is...
So he's going from communism to capitalism.
Which is going from boyhood to adulthood.
Yeah.
Wow.
Because communism is not viable.
That should have been the tagline for the movie.
Communism is not viable.
Monster house.
What?
Who's this for?
The bourgeoisie is the monster.
All right.
So yeah.
Well, because one of the most interesting things is that on Friday the 13th,
Nightmare on Elm Street part one,
the girl is a typical kind of scream queen.
She's being stalked by this Freddie guy.
She goes to Johnny Depp and she says,
I have this idea, like watch me sleep and then wake me up
and I'm going to try to grab Freddie.
That whole thing is played out in this movie as well.
But he goes to the guy's house.
The guy crawls in the window of another hunky guy's bedroom
and wakes him up and he's wearing this midriff shirt.
He's like, what's going on, Taylor?
And it's like, listen, I really need to talk to you.
But the girl is in the movie.
That's not who he takes his problems to.
And he tells him, I want you to wake me up.
It's a total rom-com because they start out enemies
and then they become really close.
Yeah.
That's great.
I love them.
And they're not constantly calling each other fag
or anything like that.
There was a lot of stuff in the 80s where it was like,
oh, you're like guys bullying each other for being,
like calling each other homo while they beat them up.
But then in that same scene, it's like,
oh, the water is glistening off of my pecs.
And that's what you expect from the 80s.
But this was more of just a gay love story.
And it was kind of on the sleeve,
on the rolled up fluorescent sleeve.
Because we were talking through it,
but there's nothing really homophobic that happens in it.
I just said that.
Moving on.
Right.
I feel like this is from your leftover high women aggression
that's being taken out of me now.
I don't think I was ever aggressive about high women.
I felt that we found some common ground on high women.
I feel like you're bringing some sort of weird
non-street three rage on me right now that I don't,
I don't understand.
My burn on street three is a really good one.
That's where their dream warriors,
and they each have a dream power.
See, the only thing I know about,
I've never seen anything movies,
the only thing I know about those movies is that Don Dawkins
did the soundtrack for it.
It was all Dawkins songs, right?
I don't know who that is.
He was a rock and roller.
Yeah, well also do yourself a favor and load up the fat boys,
the fat boys are running around the house.
And we talked about this,
our favorite part is that they're being chased by Freddie,
but they're still fine time for donuts in the video.
Oh yeah, they're like, oh my god, there's food.
But then Freddie is rapping a lot.
He's not like just the bridge in the rap.
He like starts the rap.
He's like, my name is Freddie Krueger,
and I'm here to say.
But he really says that.
Is that the Will Smith one?
Because he also did a thing with Will Smith.
Will Smith has one, but Freddie's not in that one.
It's just Will Smith talking about Freddie.
Oh, he doesn't have like a bridge?
I don't think Freddie shows up in the Will Smith one.
Oh, okay.
But he does say my name is Freddie Krueger,
and I'm here to say, like in the fat boys one.
Is he really?
Yeah, he really does.
You I Will Slay.
Yeah, you I Will Slay.
Yoda talk.
Force that rhyme, Freddie.
All right.
It's like Bobby Brown's rap and Ghostbusters too.
My man Vigo, the master of evil.
Vigo and evil now.
That's like again and again.
I like when they you have like raps at the end and like recap the whole movie.
Yeah.
I'm all for that.
Ninja Turtles has that.
You're like, who's because I just saw the movie.
You don't need to recap it.
Is it for people who come in at the credits?
Like what did I miss?
Oh, okay.
Yeah.
But nowadays like the Disney and Pixar movies,
they have all those little Easter eggs for the credits.
I would be very happy if there was a rap at the end of every movie.
Yeah.
No, I loved it too.
I always feel bad for the rapper.
Like I feel like like it wasn't his idea to like rap about ghostbusting.
Like I just feel like he's like in front of the microphone,
like like seeing the ghost of his dad like shaking his head.
Cause he's like.
Cause his dad wanted it to be.
When Spock came in with the lasers.
Yo, that wasn't Tazers.
I'm like a Mac Daddy, but you know, I got the lasers.
And then he looks over at his dad's like.
What about the-
Boy, you used to rap about selling cocaine.
Yeah.
Not rhyming lasers with tasers and lasers.
You could have said phasers.
But pop phasers was right there.
That's the only thing that's in Star Trek.
Yeah.
They don't have tasers.
I was, I was trying to do double duty where I was like,
trying to rap like a rapper that hasn't seen Star Trek.
I was rapping about Star Trek.
Freddie Cooper has lasers.
Well, that's it.
Come on.
Let's not.
This is not that segment's over.
I'm nitpicking my improv lyrics.
Okay.
New segment.
It's called Sperm Count Questions.
Sperm Count Questions.
Sperm Count, you hear it a lot, but what do you do?
What do you got here, Sperm?
And it's being counted.
Oh, Sperm Count Questions.
I got Sperm Count Questions.
Will you come home tonight?
I got a Sperm Count Questions.
Yeah, yeah, because, yeah.
Dan, this is not a note, but sometimes you give me a look like you want me to kill the music.
You give me that kind of like.
Oh, okay.
No, I won't do it.
I'll give you the out and the music and then you go on.
Oh, we should have a signal.
Uh-huh.
Oh, I see.
Now, I thought you were saying and out.
Oh, no, no, no.
Okay.
So I thought.
No, I'm just doing, I'm just going off your lead.
I don't want to have a signal.
I want this to be a fluid thing.
Okay.
Usually it really is.
You guys, I'm always amazed that you know when to cut the music out.
Right.
But sometimes I blow it all the way.
It's a fluid thing.
All right.
Sperm Count Questions.
Do we ask you Sperm Count Questions or do you have Sperm Count Questions for us?
I have Sperm Count Questions.
Okay.
Oh, okay.
I have one question.
What?
What's a good number?
Okay.
80, 80.
80?
No, I don't know.
80, 80.
It's like for what?
It's 80, 80.
Oh yeah.
My Sperm's an 80, 80, bro.
I'm good.
You got 80 Sperms out of 80.
Possibility to get Sperms.
Yeah.
I got 80 out of 80 possible Sperms.
Okay.
So here's the thing about Sperm Count.
Here's the theory.
Okay.
So I come and then there's some sperm and then you take a needle and then you're like,
you have some sample size like a cubic micron or whatever the fuck it is and then you go
in and you-
You're doing this?
No, I'm not doing it.
Okay.
Sorry.
A spermologist is doing it.
Whatever the people that count your sperm.
So as far as I understand it, the idea is that what it is, it's like a ratio to amount
of fluid.
Right?
I would assume so.
Okay.
How much, I think it's density of usable shit in the ejaculate.
I would think it's like the sperm and not the semen.
Right.
What is this gesture?
Wait, wait, wait.
You know, it's the sperm.
A gentleman's raising his hand over here.
Do you know the answer to this?
We do know the answer.
It's not like how many you have.
Can you get up and grab a microphone?
Yeah.
You'll have to come up and talk about sperm.
Sorry.
Sperm Count answers.
The same thing happens in Nightmare on Elm Street part two.
There's this whole scene in the biology class.
I just spent 20 minutes talking about it right now.
Sorry.
What's your name, young man?
Who have you been up here before?
I have.
It's Scoota.
Scoota.
Oh.
How can I forget?
Shit.
How do you spell it?
S-K-U-T-A.
Okay.
Yeah.
All right.
Scoota.
So I don't know why, but I learned it recently, I believe.
So the sperm count, you have like the sample, and then they have like a, I don't know if
they use real eggs or not, but what they count is how many make it to the egg.
Wait.
Really?
Like in a simulated waystrap?
How many viable sperm make it through an actual egg?
Right.
Yeah.
Like some, like, sometimes like alcohol use or some drug use makes your sperm like kind
of lazy.
Sure.
Tell me about it.
Wait.
Scoota.
So you'd have like a smaller count because less would make it to the egg.
Okay.
Well, where is the egg that they're using in the counting?
Like what?
I don't know.
It's a lady.
It's Martha.
It's also the same lady.
It's the same lady for all of us.
It's one lady.
She's old now.
She just has a window in her, in her like ovaries.
Yeah.
They're like, one, two.
She's like a cow at the state fair that you can watch grass digest with this like, they
put, they put, they put semen and then they come, it will be back at six hours, Gloria.
And she's like, okay.
She puts on headphones and it's like, I don't know what song it's playing.
I was a highway man, drop of rain.
But then they come back in and they, and they, I mean, seriously, come on.
There's like, well, now this is, this raises 90 more questions.
How do you count?
Scoota, you're saying they're using actual viable eggs and creating a situation where
the sperm, they would find out how much, yeah, they basically, it's like the active sperm
you have versus bullshit, deadbeat, never going to make it right.
So they do, I guess, organize a race and they see how many make the finish line.
Sperm race.
Yeah.
Well, all of my questions about sperm powder have to do with how they do it.
So I mean, that's an interesting answer, but it doesn't.
Can anybody else verify or deny?
Is it like a maze?
What's your name?
Michael.
Michael, get the fuck up here.
Michael knows more sperm answers.
Welcome to Sperm and Town.
How's it going?
Also, I could have Googled it.
No.
I think we both read the same Reddit post.
Scoota.
Yeah.
There was a post recently about how when you smoke marijuana, it makes your sperm have
less motility.
So they get lazy.
And so how they measure it is just like literally watch them move and they travel away from
a point.
So they just look at them on a microscope and they literally just measure the distance.
They pick a radius.
Yeah.
It's like, and they don't care what direction they go.
It's just like, oh, they went pretty far.
Okay.
But okay, so let's say I come onto a microscope slide with a picture of a redhead on it.
You put it under the microscope and now you see, well, you're going to see like a random
number of sperm, they have to like, do they have a set number?
So is the sperm count?
I always thought the count was the amount of sperm at a zoa per, like, per sample.
That's what I thought.
Like density.
Well, it's not.
What's your name?
Will.
Get the fuck up here, Will.
Yeah.
I will sacrifice.
Scoota.
Scoota, you're gone.
This is like the worst game show ever, isn't it?
And the prize is going to be the worst prize.
What's your name, sir?
My name's Will.
Will.
Okay.
And so they actually measure several things.
But one thing is sperm count, which is the number of sperm per volume.
Okay.
They also measure motility that he talked about.
That's called the SPV, right?
Sure.
Okay.
Sperm count.
But then they do have motility, which is how many of them are moving well.
Okay.
Like a percentage of how many are moving well.
All right.
So sperm count.
There's morphology also.
What is that?
How many look defective?
How many actually look odd?
Like two-headed sperm.
Like two-headed sperm and crooked sperm.
Do you want it to make it two-the-egg?
Yeah.
I don't care about anything but sperm count, because you always hear these statistics about
oh, the average sperm count's gone down, or this lowers your sperm.
I just want to know, how do they count sperm?
Because if it's per volume, so that's per asset volume.
So the thing is, it's not like forgive me, ladies, cover your ears.
It's not like my balls have a bunch of cum in them, including the sperm, and then it's
like a bag of liquid.
Also, man, close your ears too.
Yeah.
Everybody.
And then it all comes out like it's like, my balls are making sperm cells.
The liquid that makes up a majority of the semen.
Semen comes from some other place in my body.
Prostate.
And the seminal vesicle.
There we go.
Yeah.
And don't forget the cowper's gland.
What about...
Isn't...
Isn't Vaz deference?
It's better to get up here.
The Vaz deference.
Vaz deference.
So what volume are they taking when you cum?
Is there a joke that's like, there's a Vaz deference between sperm and semen?
You just made it.
Is that...
That's not...
There's no way that's the first time.
No.
I wish you guys would take this seriously.
They take a measured amount and they just count them.
But they take what out of the wad that comes out, sorry ladies, the fucking cloudy wad.
The fucking like, it's like, it looks like the earth in there.
It looks like there's like North America and Australia.
There's like...
It's on your bathroom floor.
I mean, how do you...
There's like...
You know what cum looks like.
Like there's like, it doesn't look like glue.
It looks like fucking...
We know...
Dino, our friend who we all know very well from his shady encounters, he was...
Did he talk about him being a sperm donor for a while?
Yeah, Dino was.
Yeah.
And he was...
Did we discuss that in the show?
So he would go in there and like donate sperm all the time so Dino may have countless
children out there.
We have no idea.
That's terrifying.
The woman that ran the sperm counter, counter, the counter where you put your sperm on to
have it counted.
Yes.
She would look at it and go, get the fucking back in there.
Like this is just water.
Like you've been jerking off too much.
Come back when you haven't jerked off all fucking day long and bring me some actual
like, cum.
She could tell me by looking at it, we can't do anything with this is all.
All right.
So that kind of goes to my point, I guess.
The idea, I mean, this is not a, this is an organic, like I still don't, I don't understand
this idea that you can scientifically...
It's a solution.
It's not like one constant thing.
So in the solution, there's some stuff that's sperm, that's swimming sperm, and some stuff
that supports it.
But sometimes...
Okay.
They measure a set amount of volume.
So here's, okay.
So here's my follow up question.
Please sir.
Simmer down.
We'll get to you in a moment.
That's beef steak bill, I believe.
What do you do, Will?
What's your job?
I work for a health insurance company.
Okay.
So I think I'm starting to get this, what I'm deducing from this is that when you, forgive
me ladies, just, I'll be with you in one moment.
When you come, like you're coming like a random amount of fluid, like sometimes, you know,
it's like, you know, it's like a little bit, and sometimes it's a lot.
Sometimes it's just dust.
I can't use this, come back.
And so I'm assuming...
Cook the mail.
We're going to table that comment until a little later.
And so I'm assuming, like, that what that means is that the amount of fluid that comes
out of your wiener when you have an orgasm has nothing to do.
That's like just a, that's just fluid, that your sperm count, even on a bad day, or a
bad, bad day, meaning like less fluid coming out of your wiener, like during an orgasm,
that that would have the same sperm count as Wednesday when you're like, whoa, it took
me a long time, and whew, like, and it's like, wow, look at all that, but it's like
same sperm, still, still three, three per drop, though.
Can I ask you a, probably, what might be a personal back straight question?
Are you going in regularly to a...
No, I'm asking this because I'm just curious about how they count sperm.
No, this is not, there's nothing personal about it.
Have you, have you gone in?
And it shouldn't have taken this long.
I just want to know how they count sperm.
Have you already gone in and tried this, or this is, this is...
No.
Oh, oh, oh.
I just said no.
Okay, so I'm sorry.
I'm just wondering, have you gone in to the, I don't know why I'm just so frustrated with
you guys tonight.
Like, I don't, I don't, like, it's gotta be me.
I honestly really thought that you, like, this is something that you have gone in and
tried multiple times, the way that you started talking about it sounded like, like...
No, because then I just know about it.
I don't, I don't...
He's just curious, and I think your question is, when it, when it's a lot, or when it's
a little, is it still the same number of sperm and it's just more liquid, or is it the same
density, hence more sperm?
Yes.
So how do they, like...
I couldn't tell you that.
Right.
I mean, it should be...
I've only read it.
Just mathematically, yeah, it should just average out to the point that they could do science
and determine what's good or bad.
So each man is walking around with a certain amount of sperm that he sets to the task whenever
he ejaculates, and, but, but it always happens with a random amount of fluid.
And that, that sample of sperm might be lazy, weirdo sperm, so they might be, they might
be good ones.
And when they're counting them, they're not worried about that.
They'll go like, well, you got a very high sperm count, but they all look like Greg Allman.
Yeah.
Four tails, you know, it works.
All right.
Well, let's thank our sperm panel.
Sprimpanel!
Yep.
Come again.
Hey, you forgot your drink.
You forgot it.
Who forgot it?
Okay.
Not you guys, you're good.
Michael's sperm and Will's sperm.
Scoot his sperm.
That scoot is a looker, huh?
Yeah, man.
He's a handsome young man.
I thought, I thought, you could be in a nightmare in Elm Street movie.
Is that what, are we connecting dots right now?
Yeah, yeah.
A nightmare in Elm Street too.
I'm gonna count my sperm.
I don't know what we're, I don't know what we're, and I want Scooter to do all the counting.
If I wanted to have a baby with a woman and raise it with a man, how would my sperm count
matter?
Yeah.
Damn, why is that on your mind?
Is that because it's just...
It's just random.
Why is anything?
It's just...
It's just because you're thinking of child rearing?
I think it's because he was thinking that sometimes he comes a lot and sometimes he
comes a little and he's like, well, how does that work when they're counting it?
I guess that's probably when it popped in my head today when I jerked off, yeah.
It's also weird.
Oh, and I was like, oh, that's a little, it felt good though.
It...
But it's also...
And then I was like, and then I was like laying there and going to sleep on a nice summer
afternoon and I was like, ah, it feels good.
I wonder if it feels better when there's more liquid that comes out or when there's more
sperm coming out.
It is interesting.
And you said this...
And then I thought, well, there's probably, there's probably not a variation in the sperm
because there's sperm count and they like, and then that's why I thought, so.
You said this, it isn't that this is gonna be so gross, but if you take longer, there's
more that comes out.
Is it like your body like sort of like, he worked hard for this?
Give him more.
Yeah.
I mean, that's weird.
It's so weird.
I don't know what kind...
Our bodies are weird.
Well, we had that anthropologist guy, doctor.
What's his name?
The guy was, I never remember anyone's name, but that guy was like the punk rock anthropologist
who's one of his big theories that people know him for is that the human penis has a
head on it because it's a plunger.
It's supposed to like, you know...
I'll scrape out, just suck out, like, like, like pull back, like the previous competitors.
Oh, dear God.
I don't think that does not happen.
I don't think when I have sex, there's more sperm in my penis.
Well, he's saying, get that other guy that just fucked you up before me, get it, remove
his stuff.
But into your penis.
Not into your penis now.
Hey, how do you...
I thought it's like...
That's called the syringe.
Get it, get it, get it.
And then mine.
No, no, no.
That would be amazing.
That would be so amazing if that's like the pinnacle of human competitiveness is like,
it's like, now your cum's in my dick.
That's how straight I am.
In my dreams, you're still the same.
So his thing is that the head script takes out all the other...
It's like a plunger, like you're creating suction on the way out, I think it's pulling
back.
I don't...
Animals probably had that, and then it evolved less and less, but it's probably a remnant
of that.
I can imagine.
It could be, who knows.
I think what's interesting is actually, I think the important thing about anthropology
is not proving things, but actually coming up with crazy theories because we are basing
all of our understanding on humanity and crazy theories that regularly get disproved.
In 1995, we found out a bunch of shit that they're still teaching in high schools that's
based on 50s understanding of anthropology.
It all fell apart in 95, but they still teach the same thing, which is basically that we
were apes and trees and that there was some kind of climatic change that put us onto the
plains in the savannah environment, and then that's why we started walking up right and
all this stuff.
No, no, that's been proven false.
It's been proven very, very unlikely if not actually proven false by analyzing the food
that we ate at certain times in our evolutionary.
Anyways...
So we're never going to know anything because we're trying to dig up our own bones and figure
out at what point did we stop being monkeys and start being these amazing specimens.
I like that half ass flourish.
Alright, so it was an actual...
I was playing the Mad Max video game all day today.
And you liked this game.
Well, I was shit talking to you.
I thought you had a very funny tweet about it, about the dog.
Yeah.
Well, thank you.
I mean, it was an actual...
My dogs are going insane from the fucking...
I thought it was very funny.
I had to go clear the minefields because there's a dog in the game that barks when you're near
a mine.
And the dog...
But here's the interesting...
Is it a game based on the new film?
No.
No, they were making it before that movie got greenlit.
But then they kind of put a bunch of Fury Road kind of stuff in it, too.
Like the title, I think.
But yeah, the dogs...
So the dogs...
Obviously, what's happening is they recorded a dog, a real dog, and they don't know what
the...
They're just having the dog bark and then having the dog growl and then having the dog do different
kinds of barks because you're using the different kinds of barks to find the mines that you
have to defuse.
So obviously, the dog is saying something like, like, my name's Roger.
Hey, hey, I'm over here.
My name's Roger.
Like, or something.
Who knows what it's saying?
Like, it could be...
I don't know how they got the dog to bark.
They might have shown it a picture of a cat.
So it's going like, everybody, look at this cat.
This cat.
There's a cat in front of me.
My name's Steve.
I'm a dog.
I'm looking at a cat.
But at any rate, like, the dogs are just like...
Because if there was a video game, but you didn't know what video game's where, and you
just all of a sudden, you heard some guy in your house going, like, hey, hey, happy birthday.
Happy birthday.
I had a birthday once.
My name's Mike.
It's my birthday, too.
You'd also do the human equivalent of what the dogs are doing, which is like not bark,
but you'd like grab a butcher knife or like go...
Like, they're going to go right.
So the dogs are like...
They're freaking out, and Harvey already, like, he freaks out when he sees dogs.
Then he sees the dog in the Mad Max car, like, barking at the bombs, and he's just freaking
out.
And...
But then over time, they got used to it.
So I think that's very...
The dogs, they understand, like, they started to figure out it was a recording.
Because that's why they don't react every time music comes on.
They're not like, where's Beck?
Why is Beck in the house?
Do you ever notice that animals, they don't freak out as much as they should about, like,
TV and music?
Like, what it's just playing?
Like, given how fucking freaked out they get when they hear, like, a raccoon, a block
away, like, scratch its ass, like, they're like...
Or when there's a ghost in your closet.
You know it.
You've seen it.
Don't act all scientific.
Do you think your dog, when it sees a dog on TV, is like, oh, that's a dog?
I don't know, because they change sides.
Like, why does the dog...
Yeah.
I don't...
But Nigel doesn't do it.
Nigel reacts to the barking sounds, like, in stuff, but he doesn't watch TV.
Harvey watches TV.
And if he sees a dog or a Danny DeVito, he, like, freaks out.
And that's not a joke.
Like, a Danny DeVito, like...
Because he cuts the silhouettes.
Like, late, always sunny.
But then, well, that's what I thought, because I was like, oh, he gets scruffier.
You should try, like, different versions.
But then he was barking at the iTunes menu, and it was the Rainmaker movie, the key art.
He's walking next to Matt Damon with a briefcase, and he's like, I'm like, it's fucking DeVito.
You should try Batman Returns to see if in the Penguin makeup, if he still barks.
Yeah.
But honestly, the novelties weren't off of me.
And now it's just terror, because it means your dog can read.
I don't understand, like, he does it, because it cuts.
Like, does he think that he's looking through a magic window?
Yeah, I don't know.
That's always changing.
I think he's probably just reacting to very simple stimulus, like, the sound of something.
And you realize, okay, that's only sound.
There's no smell to that.
Like, it's not connected for me.
Right.
I bet smell is a big way.
So I'm hearing a noise, but I'm not connecting it to a thing.
Or I'm smelling something, but where's the visual?
Like, I would guess that it's very simple little stimuli.
Maybe?
I don't know, man, because I think it is.
Well, it's...
I understand that...
I mean, you could say that about anything, honestly, with any animal, including us.
But the thing is, like, he sees the dog on the screen, and then forget about barking.
Like, just like we're watching, like, a cartoon where, like, a dog loves cereal.
And there's, like, a cartoon dog walking on its hind legs.
Schrab's dog, by the way, does this with the family guy.
That fucking dog, like, his dog recognizes as a dog and starts freaking out.
It's like, it looks like a coffee mug.
It doesn't even look like a dog.
It's like an artistic expression of the idea of a dog.
And the dog's like, yeah, that's a dog.
What we've done to dogs, like, Canis Familiaris, like, domesticated dogs, is we've made them...
What did you call them?
Canis Familiaris, I believe, is the species, right?
Am I getting that right?
That's all dogs that are...
Well, that's what we call, like, our domesticated dogs.
Like, not wolves.
Ironically, when you're on unfamiliar terms with them.
That's pretty cool.
It's as familiar as you're going to get with a Canis.
It's the best case scenario.
But, like, we breed certain dogs for herding.
So, like, if you have, like, a German shepherd, or like an Australian shepherd,
and you walk them down the road, they bark at cars moving,
because they want to herd, like, moving things next to you.
They want to move things.
Other dogs are about burrowing.
Other dogs are about sheltering.
Other dogs are about just straight at protection.
So, we've bred them to do very specific tasks.
And now, Harvey is one.
So, what do you think those golden retriever and a poodle are?
What are those wiener dogs for?
Do you think they're for, like, cleaning the insides of cannons?
They're fluffy little dogs.
I asked a guy that on the sidewalk.
We have to get inside this cannon, but I won't go in there.
I told this story on the show, I'm sure, like,
because I asked that of a guy on the sidewalk.
I was looking at his little dog, and I was like,
I was like, oh, I never noticed, like,
you see cartoons of these things, or you see them in movies,
but I just realized it's a regular-sized dog,
but it's just, like, it's a dwarf.
It has, like, little, tiny, stunted legs.
And I was just, like, marveling at it.
I was like, huh, we really did a number on these things.
And what do you, you know, every dog has, like,
a thing, what do you think these things are for?
Like, going back to, what was their purpose?
And I, like, sometimes would be rambling,
because it was a friend of, like, Ridley's or something
that he was just talking to, and I was just, like,
like, kind of, like, shitting on his dog.
I don't know, I guess I was like, yeah,
I was like, and then halfway through my questions
about the dog breed, he was like,
I don't know, I didn't invent him, I just own him.
Wow.
Like, he was kind of defensive, like, I guess it felt like
I was accusing him of, like, eugenics or something.
I feel like a good question.
A lot of the really extreme, like, breeds that, like,
they are, like, like, porgy's and, like,
I think, like, the wiener dogs, whatever they call those,
and, like, giant dogs, those have been,
we have made those extreme by breeding those just for looks.
Right.
That's just fascinating.
Yeah, and, like, the 1800s, it's just, like, rich British people going,
like, I want to think that...
If you took a British bulldog back when it was actually
more like the actual dog, it kind of was bred to be,
like, naturally, it was a much more effective,
like, healthy dog, and now we've taken that dog
and made it way less healthy, and Sharpays are just,
you know, riddled with disease, and German Shepherds,
there's no reason where the spines are curved like that.
What's the dog that has, like, the alcohol
to save people in the snow?
St. Bernard's.
In cartoons?
Snoop Dogg.
And that's what that's for.
Yeah.
And you know, you know, they sew those...
They sew those barrels to their necks.
Oh, no.
They're born with them now.
It's really inhumane.
Yeah.
I think wiener dogs chase rats.
I think that's why they're bred.
Terriers, like rat terriers, their legs are small
so they can get through little holes,
and they kept rats off your farm and out of your grain
so that you could sell your shit without them.
And they have a heavy, heavy, like, relative to dogs,
a huge, like, their diagnosable OCD, the terriers.
Oh, really?
Like Jack Russell's in particular,
like, because they're such good rodent dogs,
they've bred, now they've bred, it's like,
they're obsessed with detail.
They're obsessed with holes, electrical outlets,
corners of the coffee table.
If they start licking your face, they can't stop.
You know, like...
And they hear my new scratches.
The coolest thing, like, my friend has a Jack Russell terrier
and it's like, do we live in a house full of ghosts
because this dog is hearing something at all times
and trying to burrow through the wall?
Like, he's just a burrower.
So by that logic, your dog was maybe bred
to fight Danny DeVito.
And there's some guy who hates Danny DeVito
who's like, I fucking bred this dog.
I don't know where it went.
Or maybe just bring him to me.
Yeah.
He's in Hollywood, maybe he'll run into Danny DeVito
at some point.
Yeah, he gets out of the yard for three days,
he comes back and let Danny DeVito
just in his mouth.
40 years ago...
I'm so sorry, sir.
Let me call you an Uber.
It's a golden noodle.
I understand.
I get it all the time.
It happens like three times a week.
And I hope you won't take this personally,
but I'm leading the charge on legislation
against these animals.
Danny DeVito seems awesome, just a side note.
Every story you hear about him would confirm that, yeah.
He sounds fun by all counts.
All right, Danny DeVito slipped through the cracks.
The highway men, not so lucky.
Nightmare on Elm Street too.
You're a little competitive tonight, Dan.
I feel like you're coming in loaded for bear.
You want to win these arguments as opposed to...
Maybe it's because I was playing Mad Max all day.
I was playing Mad Max, I wasn't what I was going to say.
I am getting into the game now,
and you're doing a lot of car combat.
I was kind of going like,
What a lovely day, what a lovely day!
And then like six o'clock,
I bothered to go outside to play fetch with the dogs,
and it was like, Oh shit, what a lovely day.
It's 9-Eleven, what a lovely day!
What a lovely day!
What wasn't a lovely day?
It's the opposite of a lovely day.
9-Eleven.
I mean, meteorologically it was a lovely day.
Okay, let's move off.
We can't be like, Listen.
Silver lining, it was gorgeous.
It was like 79 degrees.
I mean, it could not have happened on a more beautiful day.
I can't say any of that.
What else do you have on your list?
I thought maybe we should check in with you
because we don't see you anymore.
What's been going on?
Your show is doing well, everyone loves it.
You're shooting in movies now in all kinds of places.
The thing I was most excited about was,
I did an episode of X-Files.
That was the one that I was really, truly, very, very nervous about.
And very, very excited.
Can we know what your role was
or is that disclosure that you're not allowed to?
No, I don't think I could say, but it's not a huge role,
but it's not tiny either.
I saw a photo, you were dressed in some sort of official outfit.
Yeah.
You were allowed to post that or you're not allowed to post that?
Yeah, I'm an animal control officer
because that's what it says on my badge, so I guess,
I think they will maybe annoyed that I,
but you know, it's the X-Files.
There's animal control officers.
But it was crazy because I, honestly,
I found out two months before I did it and I was like,
I didn't tell anybody, I didn't watch a single episode
because I was freaked out.
And then when I landed, I was like, fine.
I was like, I worked on the scenes.
I was like, I'm not going to be nervous.
And then when they picked me up, they gave me a folder
and it said, Kumail, Nanjiani, X-Files,
welcome folder.
And it was Mulder's like, I want to believe poster,
but instead of, I want to believe it was my name.
And that's what I called Emily.
I was like, Emily, I'm freaking out a little bit right now.
You need to talk me down.
What did you mean you said you didn't watch a single episode?
I didn't watch for two months before
because I'd known for two months I was going to do it
because I didn't want to start freaking out.
You didn't want to know, you didn't want to have too much information
about the show you were going to be on in your head.
Or be too much of a nervous fanboy.
Yeah, I just wanted it to be a job and not like,
fucking the dream, I never dare dream coming true, you know?
That makes sense.
See, that's why I'm not an actor.
Compare yourself to all the other actors that were ever on it
and all that stuff.
I wouldn't even have had that common sense.
I would have been like, oh, I should watch every episode twice
so that I really know the tone of the show.
And then I'd be like, to be or not to be.
And they'd be like, what are you doing?
I'm like, well, I want to watch all the show.
I know the show super well, so that wasn't the...
But I had to sort of like pretend to be cool around them
like, oh, hello, David, Jillian.
Nice to meet you.
Did you get to work closely with those two?
Yeah.
That's great.
He loves to cool there a little bit.
Yeah.
Because I didn't just talk to...
Scooter, take a sperm count on that just now.
It's skyrocketed.
It's 15080.
Wow.
That's a very rare case.
I had this moment where I didn't just meet...
I had a scene with them.
I had a couple of scenes with them.
Well, I had scenes with them.
It's pretty hard for me to talk about without getting teary eyed.
Don't be shy.
So I had this moment where I was like, I didn't...
Because I was talking to, you know,
Jillian Anderson, David Duchovny, and I kind of like, you know,
I was with them for three days.
And then during one of the scenes, I was like,
oh, I'm talking to Mulder and Scully now.
Like, I didn't just talk to David Duchovny and Jillian Anderson.
I talked to Mulder and Scully.
With the haircuts and the...
With the haircuts and the everything.
And the cell phones and the...
Flashlights.
And the simmering sexual tension.
Yeah, it was great.
I hope I'm good in it.
I have no idea.
Usually when I do a job, I'm like, oh, I did well.
Or that wasn't as good.
This one, I have no idea.
I could be like...
So I'm a failure as a fan,
because I don't even know the details.
Like, is Chris Carter running it?
Yeah.
And are a lot of the old writers back?
Or is he...
A lot of them are back.
Not Vince Gilligan.
But my...
Why not?
He just was at home, you know,
hanging out.
I...
The episode was written and directed
by my favorite ex-files writer, Darren Morgan.
Darren Morgan.
Yeah.
Is that the guy that did the Jose...
Yeah, that's the guy that did that one
and Clyde Brockman's final reposition.
Spencer, are you a big ex-files fan?
Nope.
I just listened to the podcast.
Probably everybody that listens to our podcast
knows Gommel is a podcast called The Ex-Files Files.
And he talks to, like, lots of...
Yeah.
He's gone all the way...
I mean, this has to be the best-case scenario.
You start a podcast about something you love.
Do you...
I mean, were you hired because you're a successful actor
right now, or because you have that podcast,
or a mixture of both, or...
I mean, they clearly were, like,
it'll mean so much to this guy.
That's great!
And it does.
Yeah, they were...
I want to start a podcast called Vivian Westwood Suits.
Yeah.
That's actually a smart move for, like,
not a huge part, but an important part.
Because thinking as a producer, I'd be like,
well, this guy's not going to complain if we go over time.
Oh, yeah.
I was like, I'm here.
What do you guys need?
I can serve the food, whatever you want.
We need you to get into makeup, and then just sit.
We're going to shoot you whenever the other actors are busy.
Okay, all right.
Yeah.
Okay.
Thank you for having me.
I want to go back to what you said earlier.
Like you say, sometimes you walk away from having shot something,
and you go nailed it, or sucked, but you have...
I have zero sense...
Was your memory just completely overblown?
No, I remember every single moment.
It was like, I don't know if I'm good in this, or...
It was hard.
Because it's also outside of my...
Like, I haven't done sci-fi or horror stuff.
I've done most of the content.
Was it heavy lifting?
Did you have a lot of emotional range stuff to go through,
or was it pretty...
It wasn't like a fully easy part.
Like, it was kind of hard.
Like, there was...
I had to, like, do stuff,
instead of just, like, crack-wise.
Yeah.
So, it was a hard part.
Did you labor over the rehearsal, like, at home?
Oh, my God.
I worked on it so much.
And that's what it's hard to know, like...
Well, then when you get there and you worked on it really hard,
then it's just noises that you're making,
and you have...
It's candy.
Oh, shit.
Yeah, that's Alan Woo.
Alan Woo, who probably became a director
because he loves attention.
He loves...
Do you know Alan, or do you...
Oh, you know, you're just...
Why did you guys do...
He would like...
He nodded at Cumeo.
Attack on the show.
Oh, Attack on the show.
Yeah.
Alan Woo.
Hey, I'm gonna go to the bathroom, you guys.
Oh.
Okay.
All right.
That's nice to get a...
That's probably the first applause he's gotten for that since 1987.
Yeah.
Yeah, you know, I mean, yeah, when do you get applause for that?
Does anyone remember being potty trained?
Is that a memory?
No, but I remember my cousin, who was my age, ate his own shit,
and it was a huge family scandal.
A scandal?
Yeah, it was like spoken in hushedowns.
Like his mom came in and she saw him.
At what age are we talking?
I don't know, but we...
Like infancy or a toddler?
Enough to be walking around and stuff.
And he just picked up some poop and just...
Well, he...
He tried it on for says.
She put him on the toilet, and then when she came back,
he had done his business and he was like...
He was bent over and just like pulling out and eating it like,
like, oh, I poop too much.
I should put...
He did not say I poop too much.
No, he didn't say anything.
He just gave it and he was like, hey, look.
But that would be a great time for a catchphrase because,
like, no one's ever going to forget whatever you say there.
You could just be like, no new taxes.
There shouldn't be new taxes.
Like, you could get a guy elected if you ate your own shit and then looked at the camera
and were like, remember this.
Do you think it's a kid being guilty about poopies or he's starving?
Like, feed me more food.
What was his thing?
Yeah.
I think he was just an adventurous kid that was like,
let's see what this is about.
Well, you know, I mean...
Oh, no.
Freud's big thing was like...
I mean, I think Freud's been sort of like discredited by his...
the people that came after him, which...
And I think a little too much because it's not like we all question Ben Franklin
when we talk about electricity.
Like, Freud was the first guy to go, what if your brain is complicated?
And before that, it was just like, you're a lady.
You should lay down.
You're hysterical.
Your uterus is making you crazy.
And Freud was like, no, what if there's like a bunch of shit in your brain
that you don't even understand and why we should take shits on him
because he also said we all want to fuck our moms.
I don't know.
But anyways, that was my Freud defense segment.
But Freud's thing was like, what is the first thing you ever do as a sentient mammal?
Other mammals, deer are born and they start walking
and kids are like, we're born conscious.
And we may not be born moral, but we're born conscious and sentient.
And then the first thing that happens is you make something.
You make something that's not you, but you made it, it came out of you.
And so things can happen.
Freud's theory was that things are happening formatively to you,
depending on the attitudes in your world toward the thing you made.
And then the other things, the things you put in your mouth is like,
that's all you can do.
You grab things and you stick them in your mouth.
How do people react to that?
How do you feel about that?
And you make a duty and you've heard those phrases,
the anal fixation and the oral fixation and stuff.
But anyways, I believe that's totally valid.
That's the stuff that makes sense.
The penis plunger, I don't doubt it, but it's so specific.
We have our episode title, I know that.
Simple things make sense to me.
Oh yeah, your mom's the first person,
your first woman you meet and your dad's the first man you meet.
You can't really argue with the simplicity of that.
You can then argue about neuroplasticity and whether or not
you still have a chance to overcome your nurture and your nature.
But it's still like simple shit makes sense to me.
You take a shit when you have shit on your hand in the crib
and then you're like, probably,
I'm sure we all ate our own shit at some point.
We just didn't get caught and didn't do it like a weird cartoon,
like a Heathcliff cartoon.
He's got a turd and he goes like this
and then there's a fish bone comes out.
This guy took it to a Popeye place.
He deserves the shame that he probably still lives with.
How, as the cousin you said, what was he?
Yeah, what's his first and last name?
I mean, what town does he live in?
How has he adjusted? Has he grown up into a happy, healthy human being?
Oh yeah, he's a doctor.
Well, who are some of his patients?
Maybe they're listeners.
He's a radiologist who are like, I think they're like, yeah.
Look at X-rays.
And they're in charge of whether or not you get over or under-radiated
when you're, so someone out there
doesn't know that the guy at the button
wants ate his own shit out of the toilet.
Yeah.
Do you remember when you...
I don't have any memories of potty training.
Spencer, I also...
Yeah, yeah.
Are you okay? Do you want to talk about your poopies?
No, I just had to pee.
That was a pee. He was gone for 45 seconds.
Oh, okay, you just had to pee, okay.
He came back like a ghost. It was amazing.
Oh yeah, I may or may not have a kidney stone,
so I've been drinking water.
Holy shit, yeah, that's right.
Yeah, I was going to ask him for notes, you know,
get some tips.
Don't ask him, he's had him like four times.
Yeah.
That would be fine.
We got to get Spencer health coverage.
He texted me over the...
It's fine.
A couple of days ago, it was like four in the morning
and you were like, holy shit.
He had this terrible pain in his gut
because... Yeah, because you hear horror stories
that's like, I broke my foot
and they charged me $20,000.
You know, I don't know.
You got to go in.
No, I went to the doctor. They said I had a kidney stone,
but, you know, who knows what they know?
How did they figure out that you had a kidney stone?
Because if they touched my appendix
and it didn't feel like it exploded
in my body,
I didn't have an appendix problem
and, you know, your intestine
just denied infection.
So those are the things that can happen
in your bladder.
That's a great song.
So, yeah.
Peek and form, but so can stalactites.
A calcium that
turn into shards and that's one thing
that women have better than us.
It's the one thing.
70% of the wages
for the same job.
No maternity leave
but
you don't have
shards of calcium
ninja star shape
bone fragments
a Cronenbergian
weapon
trying to fit through
a diameter of a drinking straw.
A cocktail straw, like a little tiny
cocktail straw.
A fucking
a ninja star
the size of a marble.
Can I please right now
send this out there to the ether that
the guy that did the tie bricks to the theme song
put music to that right there.
Well, I don't know if there was any meter to that.
I was really impressed. Oh, there was plenty of meter.
That guy who did the thing for the
gynees, when I was the guy like those
gynees, those gynees.
When we were talking about misogyny
and phylogeny
phylogeny is when you
realize the misogyny
wait, what was my epiphany?
That fill
the fill in philanthropy
that it's like, oh, it's the same as the fill
it's the file
it's the file, like at the end of
people who fuck different things, file
fill Philadelphia file
Philanthropy versus misanthropy
and then misogyny
there is no phylogeny
it's not even possible as far as I know
best you can do is get along
with him at work
but I was like, oh, so phylogeny
would be that you like the gynees
and then I watched into it
those gynees, gotta get
those gynees and then like
why am I explaining this?
I was to miss that show
that's not rigging any bells for me.
I think you were here.
Ridley I think was coming. I wasn't there for that one.
No, no, no, you were sitting there because
I was talking to Philanthropy
about Jesus Christ we're drunk.
I didn't mean drunk like long term
that sounds like a short bit
but I didn't realize somebody made music to it
I tweeted it
and I think I see
or I didn't retweet it because it sounds like
I like those Chinese
it's distracting for that reason
to the extent that you listen to it
because I go like how do you do it
you got a hole where your wiener should be
and if I retweeted it
the wrong
kind of people would have come out of the woodwork
hearing it out of context
they would have just been like so
hello, haven't seen you since the rape joke
like
I don't listen to your show, don't know who you are
get you confused with
everyone else but
there's a hole where your wiener should be
that's great
but it came out great you should listen to it
it's a great song
I love it, I can't wait
there's a hole where your wiener should be
wiener as a hole
that's a go-to for me
I've used that phrase a lot
that's my
that's my ironic
misogynistic
you don't see a wiener as another kind of hole
the joke is that I don't
the joke is
where your wiener should be, that's the joke
you're right, I'm in a bad mood
I don't like you guys today
you're doing great Dan
you are doing great
but you're a little on edge today
I'm on edge
you feel a little edgy
what a lovely day
do you think that
I was saying that during a lovely day
do you think that it could be as simple as
just having played an edgy video game all afternoon
that could make your mood a little edgy
my therapist says when I'm playing video games
I'm not actually
it took her a while to her credit to start
getting after the video game thing
but she says
from the description of what you're doing
when you're playing video games or what you do when you're at work
it sounds like you're not taking a break
from work so much as you are
feeding an addiction to a heightened
state of nervousness
like your nervous system
you need to meditate and calm down
and I have found
that that works
but I don't want to
the way I don't want to take a shower
you don't want to do things that are good for you
when you're in an addicted state
so I'm coming home from work
and I'm like I don't want to think about anything
but I definitely my nervous system
is at a six instead of a zero
so it goes to nine
the
ten is
you get a cooking show
if I just keep talking they'll think it's an awesome
reference no one will ever know
there's so many cooking shows by the time they get to the bottom
listen there's no such thing as a famous nervous cook
I'm like see you later sucker
I got your laugh
I'm out of town
the
but I didn't
I stopped down and explained that
and now I forgot what I was saying
oh yeah because I described her
she's like what do you do at work and I go
I'm not writing one thing right now
I'm helping a guy out with the script
it took me 20 minutes to describe what I'm doing right now
because it's a lot of work a lot of jobs
a lot of different jobs I like that it's a lot of jobs
I didn't like focusing on one thing
and she's like so when you relax
what do you do is I play video games
and she's like what kind of video games
and I said well I can play Witcher 3 right now
and she says well what is that like
and I said well it's like
how much detail did you go into
well you're like a witcher
and you're not going to go
and you get these side quests
and she's like if we were living
in a time with
witches I wouldn't know
which of those you just described
which the break you were taking
you know like what do you
sounds like you're you may be like
actually just feeding a
you know you're amped up and then you're like
you want to stay there
there was something you said real quick
do you meditate? I do now
and what is that like?
breathing
but on purpose
it's the first time that's ever been asked
to anyone I can retire
you know
you're just breathing you're focusing your mind
on the same thing your body is always focused on
so they get on the same page
if you just keep breathing
and try to stop thinking about things
but you also don't punish yourself for thinking about things
your mind is all warmed up
get your nervous system down to a zero level
so that everything that's happening
is happening for the first time
as far as your body is concerned
that way if something frustrating happens to you
that's like a level of three frustration
and a zero
it pumps you up to a three
much easier to get down to a zero from a three
if you're at a six and a three happens
you get a cooking show
where did you learn
how to cook?
where did I what?
where did you learn the meditation is there a teacher?
it's just breathing it's not rocket science
well I used to do it when I was very combative
what level are you at now
is this a zero?
I'm at a six definitely
what a lovely day
I'm only partially joking
I went and saw the three road
I might have mentioned this when we talked about it on the show before
when I drove home I was disappointed
that people weren't trying to ram me off the road
on Hollywood Boulevard
we're supposed to be at war
when I'm behind the wheel
it was two hours of wheels
and exhaust and flame
and I was like this drive home is so peaceful
I was like it didn't make any sense
I missed the time that that's from you playing what
that's from me watching the movie
or watching the movie just being in the theater
and you go home like oh I'm driving home right now
and everybody's playing by the rules
and being polite and stopping when the light is red
and it was like it was it was it was strange
like to shake yourself
out a little bit of that thing that you just been immersed into
so I can't imagine
when you play a video game you play it for
four or six hours sometimes
I can't see how that would not affect
yeah it's uh
I don't know what I'm getting out of it sometimes
like I'm definitely being entertained
and it's positive in some way
but I don't know if I'm getting the kind of break that I need
it's not a break I think it's
what we need to recognize is that you're
you're going into a different room
like you're shutting out your real life
but that's different from taking a break
you're not refilling
your
your energy
you're just you're just you're just
putting an ice pad I don't know like what the metaphor would be
like you're you're just like
you're just disconnecting
it's true if I'm working a lot
then I can't really play an intense video game
which means it comes from the same like reservoir
of energy or whatever it is
so when I'm like working a lot
I just play very repetitive video games
that require no
skill or concentration
but then when I'm not working
then I'll play like Witcher or Metal Gear
or something
yeah and you know what you never do because
you don't like go and sit in the chair
and put your hands on your laps and stare forward
and just like take four second deep breaths
and let them out
for like
because it doesn't feel like you could ever
like it feels like that would be
that would make you worse at your job
or worse at like
it would definitely make you better
like it definitely does because then you're like
it's not like you become like the sugar bear where you're like
goona
no I do that I'll say it quietly
and just like check twitter
or something I totally do that
that's relaxing checking twitter
yeah
that's definitely always relaxes me
I'm definitely going there for relaxation
alright well let's
bring out Demorige and
Demorige Brown
hey whatever happened to the fucking little cuties
they're here
god damn it
have we forgotten somebody
well we forgot I mean we forgot the
guests that we had tonight but in my
defense they were not here when I took the stage
so I kind of forgot about them
but they're right here they've been there
okay
there's two of them so
I would gladly go back
no I'm telling you right now
I know David Horowitz as well
but I'm not sure
we gotta talk to the little cuties
because there's people here
Demorige will be right back
no don't worry about it
are they not down the street
no they're right back there
I can see them please welcome Dave Horowitz
and Shawn Perlman
yeah Demorige
we kicked him off I'm so sorry
I'm so sorry guys
we got here like 804
I hope you didn't think we weren't here
we were here we heard the whole show
a lot of jizz talk
okay what were they talking about at 804
we all read the minutes
right now
they were here
which you did
I'm very sorry
but I don't feel as bad because you weren't here
but
it evens out I'm not mad
that you weren't here it just allows me to not feel
as bad as I should for forgetting to bring you up
this is good it's positive
yeah we're at it
as mad as a positive
no it's totally good he's neutral right
yeah yeah neutral I'm at a zero
in terms of my relationship to them
my nervous system's at a six
it didn't help or hurt your
nervous I did want to read
I wanted to read some of Shawn Perlman's tweets
but no just go to Shawn Perlman's twitter
it's funny
he's one of those funny tweeters
Shawn what's the handle so that we can find it
it's Shawn Perlman
Perlman as Perl as an oyster
Perl and man
my name
there was so much more confusing than that
Shawn
it sounds like you're on a terrible date
as a man my name
Dan what makes Shawn's tweets so special to you
I can't I don't want to butcher his jokes
but he said one of them was like
I'm really into religious texts
recently like this one I got at
2 a.m. from my priest that said you up
now I know how that's going to go out
on a date
that'll work yeah
religious texts
we've had that phrase forever I've never connected those
and also a little
anti-catholic like subversion in there too
I didn't even pick up on that
finally we're giving it to those guys
I don't want to cause controversy
I'm going to delete it now
it's a catholic show but we're more Jesuit
so we're open to
so
you guys have a podcast called the little cuties
yeah here on feral audio
that's here for Dustin Marshall
Dustin Marshall
Dustin
what do the little cuties do
the little cuties
what do the little cuties not do
my question
answer mine first
okay
well they do not
behave like adults a lot of the time
not yet
so maybe if they wear button down shirts
they also come
to this show on a giant cocktail
of cold medicine
which I am on
which is fine but also
maybe you are eating habits
aren't super results one time
I ate Sean's three week old birthday cake
for dinner
that's just like the kind of stuff
that's so many mistakes in one
just two
cake for dinner
three weeks old
my birthday cake
and you told me there was a sign
I said Dave don't eat this cake
this is you, I'm talking to you Dave Horowitz
Dave is bound and gagged
I was eating my birthday cake
laughing at my face
part of that story is made up
the thing I would be most excited to talk to you guys
about but we can't
because we had dinner
because I have a studio and we talked about that idea
but I want to make it into a
cartoon so we can't talk about it
why did I bring it up
all this for the podcast
what do you guys talk about on the podcast
we talk about regret
we have a lot of regrets as two men
we talk about being
we're both 32 years of age
we're both trying to
maybe act a little bit more adult
we reached a point in our life where we can't get away with
quite as much anymore
we still feel like
little babies but we're not
people expect more of us so
we're just trying to be better human beings
and so we invite people on who may or may not be
grown up and then we sort of ask them
are you an adult or are you a little cutie
which we could pause it to the group
it took us a few episodes
to actually
solidify the definition of little cuties
so
a little bit but then we got there
I was trying to make a big
all-encompassing life philosophy
which I realized
three episodes and I wasn't smart enough to do
I wasn't even included in that
so I felt like
so yeah
then somewhere on the fourth episode we went to a stand up show
and we got into a big fight
and just had like this big
long drawn out thing
in the back of like a brewery
where there was a stand up show
and we realized like
this isn't worth it
it's not worth it to fight
a real fight
a real emotional
it was the worst fight we've ever had
but it was also the only fight we've ever had
how long have you guys known each other
seven or eight years
and we've been coming on married for six
he's nervous
the word little cuties
is that a joke you've been
called in the past?
yeah a friend of mine
used to kind of make fun of me
a little bit, good naturedly
but anytime I would show up to a party
and like a sweater or a button down shirt
or just anything that kind of was me trying to
look a little bit older
she would just look at me and go
look at you, look at you little cutie
and your little sweater
what is that, a button down shirt with a sweater over it
and I was like what does that mean
I'm not allowed to be an adult
and she's like you're just such a little cutie
and I realized like oh I'm like wearing
the disguise of an adult
but I would say that you would also
I've known you for a little while
that you might be a successful
65, 75, 85 year old
gentleman with loads of
no he's 32
sorry
do I look older?
as your life goes on
you might be a successful
man
and people still go that's a little cutie
that might just be something essentially
who you both might be
you might be eternal little cuties
which is one of the greatest things
that you might be
somebody odd which is the kind of thing we're going for
which is good
it's an inside job
we can sneak a couple of those through
we sort of wanted the aesthetic of
on these little bodies
and we're looking up at legs
opening the door and catching us
through mischief
but our mischief is not knowing how to text a girl back
or freaking out over a job
I understand I should have
consumed the material
before we talked about your
material on the show
but I don't understand the format
are you guys in front of a microphone
talking about the stuff where are you
actually
is it a fictional narrative
it's a live podcast
it's gone once they stop
talking
when the clock runs out
then we're done
we do it at Griffith Park at midnight
you little cuties
see
maybe if you don't understand the format
it's because we're not super locked into one yet
we've only had 12 episodes
we've had a couple of guests
we just kind of have a free flowing interview
the first 20 or so minutes
we get to know our guests
we get to see what kind of behavior
makes up their life if they consider themselves
an adult
what kind of behavior they exhibit
we have some arbitrary like do you live alone
or do you have a long term partner
do you have a stable employment
so far only one person
is identified as an adult
who was it
I'm your Blumenfeld
I would not have thought of him as an adult
you're very confident
you're anxious and weird like us
and he's like no I got everything under control
okay got it
Camille do you feel like an adult
or a little cutie
I don't know if I'm committing myself to
that term
it might feel good if you say it
pretty sure it's not going to feel good
I feel like a big fat mountain of tits
that is the third option
we have
I was going to suggest you add that
because I guess I'm a baby
in the sense that I'm a big
that's on the secret venue
secret venue
Spencer do you feel like an adult
sure yeah
you do
confidently
well here's the thing you guys
I think of myself
as like a kid
when I'm not paying attention
you know like I see a couple kids
and I'm like oh check out those kids
I'm 27
you know
we're not both kids together
you see kids and you identify with them
and you go yeah these are my people
yeah they're not going to arrest me for smoking pot
they're not going to call the cops
what kind of how old is a kid in your mind though
like if you said I'm looking at a kid
how old is that kid
straight 14
we're on the same level
so that's the
then you're a little cutie you're not in
well that's when I'm not paying attention
but otherwise I just feel like yeah
it's not like I'm not going around my life
like being childish
I'm not super
up on how
you know how mortgages work
or what a credit limit is
or you know
stuff like that but I mean I
do you know what your credit score is
it happens to be 750
he's an adult
that's nice dude
is that good? 750 is very
it's a good solid score
mine was in the 500
oh man yeah
I don't think it is anymore but it works
yeah mine's not 750
that's from a commercial I saw
you little cutie
you're a little cutie
it's like that
it's like that joke
though you might be a redneck
little cutie
if you don't know your own credit score
I might be a little cute
if you got your credit score from a commercial
you might be a little cute
if you see a 14 year old and you're like
that's like me
you might be a little cute
now David and Sean are you guys
using this to strive to be adults
or do you want to remain little cuties
are you asking the universe whether or not
this or that kind of situation
we hope that there is like
to our podcast that over time
we'll graduate as adults
in the final episode
I feel like we've already made strides when we started it
I was a sad
unemployed man
just a beaten down old soul
now I'm employed
I'm in a healthy wonderful relationship
I bought these shoes
it's bad radio
but they're nice shoes
one person agrees
it sounds like you're becoming an adult
but your shoes say a little cutie
see?
we're trying to confuse you now
I think that you know
that you, here's my prediction
Sean stays a little cutie all the way through
you turn into the Walter Matthow
and your shoes
you're always going to find a way to add on
one little cutie aspect of yourself
to deny yourself of your adulthood
I think I'll just start wearing much brighter colors
the more white my hair starts going
so when I'm full Steve Martin
and then all bets are off
lots of events in your category
in the Mountain of Ted's secret menu realm
alright
so
I think I have to say
the little cuties should come back next week or something
so we can have them be a littler
and more cute for a longer time with us
because I fucked them over
I forgot that they existed until
it was time to start playing D&D
we'll get out of here
I'll say this though, of all the people that we brought on
the podcast, some whom I know
and some whom I do not, I want to listen to little cuties
I like this premise
I mean that's the important thing, it's a feral audio podcast
now you can start listening to it, we'll have the little cuties on
next week or something
What are you Jeff? You've asked everyone
what about you?
I would say probably an adult
but that won't grow up in a certain way
but I wouldn't call those ways little cutie ways
I think that I'm kind of an eternal
okay I'll just say adult
when I was 4, I felt 40
if I live to be 90
I will be a 40 year old
you're a little 40
a 4 year old
that knows how to tie his own tie
I felt like an adult
wow you were this the whole time
that makes so much sense
it really does
like a little 4 year old Jeff Davis
what we talked about, there's a picture of you
when you were like a kid actor
stunning
I was a little cutie when I was a kid
yeah you but
I was also an adult
I was breaking home the fucking
bacon
all right you are, King and I
well let's send the little cuties to their room
and demorge back out
all right we're grounded, thanks guys
we'll have you back little cuties, sorry guys
I'll make it up to you
they're little cuties
they're easy to abuse because they're little cuties
DeMorge Brown get back at her would you
applause
sorry about that demorge
I'm all apologies tonight
that's the title of the podcast
what else can I be
oh no no no we're gonna get
Shazam scanned and blocked
by Universal Records
you sang the entire Highlander song
that was a damn bit older
when I was in high school
among the things that we loved
to freak out about was that Highlander song
oh yeah
you guys have never seen the video
oh no is Johnny Cash in space
there are two of them
one of them is the official video
which I think was the video they made
in the style of Iron Maiden's The Trooper
it's a black and white Conestoga wagon freak out
where they took the clouds and isolated them somehow
upside down and then time-lapse them
so they're churning
it's a long time ago
but when Cash shows up
his face appears in space
so he's just in the clouds
telling you about the Starship
I'm appearing via satellite
Willie I can't make it to the shoot
that's alright
you can be in space you say you're a space man
thanks Willie
it's sort of like a solid goal
produced type performance
some countries start to get a hit
they give them a summer special for episodes
and there's one I think
it just looks like they're standing there
and everything's green screen
and then when it gets to Cash
all the windows turn to space
and he's wearing a long coat
and then they put chrome on it or something
and he's the only one who doesn't move
so when he's saying I fly a Starship
only his cheeks are kind of vibrating
the Starship has no windshield
it's something like that
but it has stability control so you can stand on it
and just kind of ride it like a skateboard
like a Segway
like a Huffwitz Coif
alright so are you a little cutie
you're not a little cutie
there's nothing little about me
let's get the shadow on
let's skew female
in the choosing of a helper
you can be someone who's
presenting as female
you can be having a female day
you can have an inner chromosome
but I'm not going to pick you if you look like a dude
because we've had too many
anybody
that hasn't been up here before
that's feeling feminine
a blonde girl
what's your name? Marissa
come join us Marissa would you
I'm just
I'm handing these
and I believe you'll be playing
McGathey's character
Mercy O'Donnell
because we have the original Dr. Friend
here and we certainly have our hordegard
Camille you've only played Dr. Friend
how many times?
he hasn't
I have
you explained your character but never played
okay sure that makes sense
no I played once
I don't think so
you might have
I think once
thanks for coming up Marissa
so best behavior guys let's really
knock this role playing out of the park
Alan Wu is here
observing he's going to direct Harmon Quest
so he's like where would I put
the camera and what is this show
I already warned him it's a mess
don't come to the Harmontown Show
and think that it's what we do but I also
think we could knock it out of the park
in our minds we play this game for a half hour
every show but we only play it for 45 seconds
and nothing ever happens
except then because we're all black
out drunk at the end of the show
I was just in the green room with Spencer
he was describing what happened last time
I was like I don't remember any of that
about the MP3's and stuff
so we have to really listen to his recap
Spencer you ready for a recap?
okay I'm not going to ask too many questions or anything
I'm just going to play along because you don't have much time
do you know what we're doing Marissa or did you just come up with this?
no I know what we're doing
I know exactly what we're doing
thank you for helping
alright this one's done by Chris Miller
and he did it
in Rhyme
alright
I'll just do it
Jim Nightblade now founded obscene
the failures be set by his team
their briefcase was empty
his conscious weight hefty
and mercy couldn't even shit while remaining unseen
so the gang met at Old Hexalon
to put on an old
70's band on
that's my fault
but the jukebox was vapid
and Old Hank was rapid to suggest an adventure
that might not be canon
so our runners
trek to an academy for the help of
some much gifted progeny
with their persistent
assistants at Hank's grade insistence
they'd have a song that would say open sesame
thank you
wow
Dan
did that help you out?
I would like to discourage that behavior in the future
if you're writing a recap
I would like to
go for content over style
yeah this recap
is all in Portuguese
nobody's listening to these recaps
more intently than me
because I was drunk last week
when I played and now I'm drunk this week
and I'm like what did that drunk guy do
we have to come up with a song that cracks a code
what?
we were all trying to write an awesome song
nope
you were trying to find a song that cracks a code
fuck that doesn't ring any bells
well you know what's going on Marissa
I think that was snuck in at the end
like the last second
you're standing in the academy
of a gifted art students
in front of several small
creepy looking children
you've just shown them what you got
for no reason
and with no introduction
we sang for them
yeah
was I here for this one?
dude it was a blackout
straight blackout
it was all over the shop
looking at my notes
and all I wrote down was
troll magnet
that's all I have
that was from three ago
that was from 18 shows
ago
I remember a vagina mesh
happened at the very end
commercial
or something
well that was two episodes ago
Alan is in freefall panic right now
he's like I turned down
a cooking show for this
there was going to be
one guy cooking
one camera easiest job in the world
is that real?
no that's the reference to the most nervous thing possible
yeah I'm doing a cooking show
theme
Spencer where are we standing what do we need
Academy of gifted art students
okay
alright so let's do this song right
we gotta find a song to crack the code
you gotta find
you ask them for help to learn
how to get perfect pitch
so you can break the musical locks
okay let's ask them
alright go ahead
hey so what do we need to do
to break this lock
oh I don't know what you're talking about
but if you want to learn how to sing
you throw the ringer
alright so I have a question for the Game Master
this lock doesn't really exist
right we just came to this academy because
we assumed going on an mp3 mission
which was made up by somebody that we were going to have to sing
eventually so we came to the academy to learn how to sing
yeah the locks exist
but they're you know they're locking
the cargo which you're not needing
oh okay so we are here for a reason
are we on a mission right now?
do we have a Johnson in the net?
we're gonna get the mp3s back
okay that rings sort of a bell
okay so we are here to learn how to sing
okay so what did you say
put us through your ringer
I think you'll find out that you little
whippersnappers have nothing on a
hardcore seasoned salty
group of shadow runners any day of the week
alright
training montage right
right
alright
you learn how to sing
okay
your pitch is perfect
kids thank you
thank you
top
we've achieved three studious level
status on that one
yeah we're not
cutting an album anytime soon
we're not making an entrance as plumbers
yeah we're the most fun plumbers you've ever hired
alright see you later
we'll send you a check
oh thanks
boy that was a tough six days
it felt like seven
so what do we use this new power
that we are clearly
one of the burgeoning hot shot
vocal groups in town
how do we use this to our advantage
as shadow runners
well we're going to go on this mission
that we took on and then I explain what the mission is
via Spencer
in Spencer's voice
alright so Hank's last stand
you were there Hank he was explaining that
the jukebox was all fucked up because he doesn't
have any of that old style
mp3's it's all new age garbage
and so he knew
he knew that in a storage facility
there was under lock and key
musical lock and key
all the mp3 profiles
that you could ever ask for
and how far away
are we from the storage facility
not far
shall we call close enough to call in Uber
or close enough to walk
you're close enough to walk
let's walk we can get to know each other
I think we should get an Uber anyway
but you don't want to go through that
Uber shame thing
I already called one shit
you know when we can just walk
if you cancel it nothing will charge you
five
you'll rate you will go down several stars
that's right I'm sorry
they're going to lower your rating too
the Uber arrives
there's five of us
can you take five
there's no driver
yes but automated driver
can you seat five on this thing
there's five seats
take us to Hank's last stand
and drive like fury
alright
hello
I am automated
Arman
hope you will enjoy clips from tonight show
with Jimmy Fallon
brought to you by Doritos
when your wife
takes this Uber
you will be sexually harassed
no no no
that's yeah
I know but they didn't hear it
you're at Hank's last stand
hey Hank listen we learned how to sing
tell me again you want these mp3s
just to make your jukebox the best jukebox in the world
is there a more
is there an ulterior motive
when we have good music let me tell you
the customers
are going to start rolling in
so we should sing to your jukebox now
to open this thing up and get the mp3s
no you should not do that
we should go to the storage facility
oh right
why did we come here first
I left my
Apache war hammer here
how far are we from the storage facility
now you're 20 minutes
we were close to that
might they suggest that we go back
but that means
I'm bad wiping us to the next thing
you're outside of store quest
okay
it's a storage facility
you can't do that
you're not the game master
he manamanamanana
no he did it the first one
he didn't do this manamanamanana
you can't just add manamanamanas
we'll all stop the Uber
let's go back in time from Hank's last stand
we're back in the Uber
you find yourself outside
store quest storage facility
I feel like it's as if I've been here before
you have
you have a storage facility here
alright guys brief pep talk
no no no no no
and that's why I think we'll do great
wow that was the best pep talk you've ever given
thank you
that was like 45 minutes long
but it went by like that
you were like Martin Luther King
remember that
it was touch and go when I used
the helicopter metaphors
is that a helicopter based holocaust
that's like a little kid
I learned about the holocaust
okay so let's go in
to store quest
to the code area
where we need to break the code
are there guards outside the front of storage quest
no there's cameras
barbed wire
that's it
you're our face person
why don't you lock up there and use your charms
and see how far we can get through
we'll cover you from behind
well I would but I think don't we need to sing
to open this lock
isn't that what Hank said
well right now you're just at the customer
facing entrance
we have to get into the storage facility
to find, imagine
where all the mp3s are being stored
and Mercy we're all listening
to you on our comms
the code is blue
if you say bluebird
we'll light the place up
okay I got it
so I walk to the customer
service
you walk to the door
and open it there's a guy behind a counter
he's not paying attention
oh hello
hey
there's a lady here wishing to speak with you
oh yeah
so you know I hear there's some
mp3s in this building
got any info on that
no
just checking in to suggest
that perhaps that's not very subtle
oh I'm sorry
no backseat face
we're not gonna zero know this
you're on your own
I get one of those
I like music
yeah
you know what do you know about music
oh man let me tell you
about music
you ever heard of Freddy Franks
uh
yeah all about him
let me tell you
I got his latest
data chip
while you're talking to
while you're talking to him
I'm crawling on my hands and knees below the counter
don't do this
this is a mission that's the right size
for us
back back out
do it do it
no no come back
are you saying Camille don't do this
no I'm telling you did you keep doing it
you stopped telling him to not do it
but we just walk into this facility
this is not like a secret facility
but there's movement she's infiltrating
we don't need to infiltrate
they don't want to just walk into a 7-11
he's not gonna let us break into a storage facility
we're not breaking in
we're entering into the area
this is going on I'm accessing
my potential
to dig into cyberware
to see if there is a digital log that might tell us
where such contents are manifest
of some sort that would tell us
where such things are stored
great thank you
now I'm just on my hands and knees below the counter
I'm several K
so you find some public records
but nothing specific
nothing that says anything about the kind of cargo
a unit might have stored
something they keep track of
but the guy he's behind the counter
and he's looking down at his counter
and he's like I'm seeing
is there someone crawling right underneath
I told you
bluebird bluebird
I want a narco dart
this guy
you can't say bluebird yourself
I can
she has to say bluebird
that was my only job
a stun baton on this guy
I just got a stun baton
I'm sorry mercy are you really attacking this guy
I thought we were going to have mercy
is he behind glass or an enclosure
this is a regular counter
okay I jump up and shoot him in the chest
oh jesus
no stun dart
are you shooting him with the stun gun after you've killed him
no
because it's going to work
I jump up and go
storage
I can't think of anything good
store this
store this electricity in your chest
and I was a zap and I just
shot gun him right in the chest
physical agility and acrobatics
I grab hold of my grenade launch or jump in
do a combat roll stand up and do
absolutely nothing
alright
okay I have a code of honor
I can't fight someone who hasn't
hurt me first
so I do nothing to the corpse
we don't know what's happening
we don't even know if I've stunned this guy yet
you guys simultaneously
stun baton and stun gun him
right in the heart
he goes down real hard
it's a million dollar baby situation
oh
I haven't seen that movie but it's not
it's not Wizard of Oz
it's a laugh riot
it's a bit of a laugher
but Morgan Freeman gets what he deserves
which is a bit of screen time
alright
so we got this guy down let's move
let's find this mp3 door
alright doctor friend is he
is he dead
we'll figure it out later
oh there's no pulse
yeah
guys he's dead
for no reason
alright let's make it for a reason
and get those mp3s come on
move people move people
look alive
let's make the poor man's life matter
this is a public facility
attend him to my pep talk
we're gonna do great
but we're gonna do great
you walk through the door
now you're in the actual storage
we could have walked into this door
oh he wouldn't have let us through
would he have let us through
he has ever visited a storage facility
it's a commercial public enterprise
you can't just go into other people's
storage unless you're Jody Foster
you could crawl under and think you have a warrant
I don't know what that reference is
silence of the lambs
using my powers to detect enemies
I'm
serving the area to see if there's any threat
but also being a precog I know that there is none
I just want to be part of the team
I try and give the guy first aid
well he's dead
second aid
that's not
has that ever been done
you think that we thought of that by now
I want you all to stand here
and look at his face
for 30 seconds
before we go in
we did it
we looked at his face
let's find those mp3s
mp3
okay fuck it we'll get it
what did those lessons do
save it for the night
mp3
horde guard
if you're in the system
find any mysterious
there's no thing that says there's mp3s in the storage unit
that's this one
haven't we been to this specific locker before
no
using my ability to
type in again to
computer records
I am looking for anything that seems to be obscured
in his description
anything that might be upfuscitative or strange
and while he's doing that I take off the dead guy's clothes
and put him on and take his place
by the way having been a precog
and looked at his face for 30 seconds
I can tell you that he was guilty of a precrime
something terrible to a child
or a preteen
in a month
wow
we're heroes
that's cool
I wasn't saying I like everything this guy does
I was just saying he didn't deserve to die in that moment
I didn't know he was into what he said he was going to be into
so you're pro
he's been a friend of mine I would have told him to run
this is
no I'm not
I want to say I'm not pro-rape
whoa somebody protest too much
no I'm not
it's almost like you're forcing us to accept
you're not pro-rape and we don't have anything to say about it
you guys got lucky that he was
into rape
you're being very forceful about this argument right now
he could have been not into rape we didn't know
whatever I'm taking off my clothes and I'm putting on this guy's
you're wearing rape clothes
and I chose to wear them
that's what people like you don't understand
horticard
no in a rape someone is making a choice
horticard are you
in the system
are you in the system right now
anyway let's talk
I'm just saying this guy shouldn't have died anyway
or maybe he should have because he was going to do
I'm in the system
but the FTR
for the record
anything you would like to know you could possibly know
so if you are worried about the possibilities of his clothes
I could tell you what he may be able to do in the future
but otherwise looking at the system
I can tell you that most of this data
was put together by
someone working part-time
who was going to
an extension school
and so the information
is not complete because this is not their first priority
we need a real hacker
we need an actual
someone less empathic
he's like worried about the guys
college career
why do we keep not bringing a hack guy
the guy who's the hack is in his name
Kenny can hack a remote hack
hey guys
oh shit
cliffhanger
so Alan it's kind of like that
except there's swords
it's also different
it'll be in a different room
different people
Alison everybody
DeMarce Brown
thank you Marissa, thank you DeMarce
David Horowitz
Sean Perlman from the Little Cuties
the sperm team
the sperm team will
scoot at Michael
I think it was a Michael and Dr. Sperm
and Dr. Sperm
I'm Jeff Davis
your mayor was again is Mr. Dan Harmon
Chris Perlman, Zach
Justin in the back
thank you to all the feral audio team
everybody here at Downcomic once again
thank you for sticking around in this heat
drive fast, take chances, we love you dearly
did you get any of that
it's a good show